In the short term, it would make me happy to go play outside. In the long term, it would make me happier to do well at school and become successful. But in the very long term, I know which will make better memories. - The Complete Calvin and Hobbes
I was trying to feel some kind of good-bye. I mean I've left schools and places I didn't even know I was leaving them. I hate that. I don't care if it's a sad good-bye or a bad good-bye, but when I leave a place I like to know I'm leaving it. If you don't you feel even worse. - The Catcher in the Rye
The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be. - The Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time 
Well, dreams, they feel real while we're in them right? It's only when we wake up that we realize that something was actually strange. - Inception
This reversing the flow of time, doesn't us being here now, mean it never happened? - The Protagonist, Tenet
Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other, and I've seen a lot of strange stuff. But I've never seen anything to make me believe that there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls MY destiny. - Star Wars
In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran, cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of Fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished. However, this valorous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified, and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition! The only verdict is vengeance; a vendetta held as a votive, not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous. Verily, this vichyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose, so let me simply add that it's my very good honor to meet you and you may call me V. - V for Vendetta
While monsters are mostly made of magic, human beings are mostly made of water. - Undertale
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope that I find it along the way. - The Office
You'd be amazed how much research you can get done when you have no life whatsoever. - Ready Player One
I still love books. Nothing a computer can do can compare to a book. You can't really put a book on the Internet. Three companies have offered to put books by me on the Net, and I said, 'If you can make something that has a nice jacket, nice paper with that nice smell, then we'll talk.' All the computer can give you is a manuscript. People don't want to read manuscripts. They want to read books. Books smell good. They look good. You can press it to your bosom. You can carry it in your pocket. - Fahrenheit 451
It's one thing to question your mind; it's another to question your eyes and ears. But then again, isn't it all the same, our senses just mediocre inputs for our brain? Sure, we rely on them, trust they accurately portray the real world around us, but what if the haunting truth is they can't? - Mr. Robot
hat, to me, is an absolute tragedy. But that's just what the world wants now. People wonder why jazz is dying. I tell you, man, and every Starbucks \"jazz\" album... just proves my point really. There are no two words in the English language more harmful than \"good job.\" - Whiplash
Look, there's only one thing worse than being a loser. It's being one of those guys that sits in a bar, telling the story of how he became a loser, and I never want that to happen to me. - The Simpsons
If I were to take even one step back right now, I get the feeling that I'd never be able to return back to where I'm standing right now. - One Piece
Some day, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me. But until that day, consider this justice a gift on my daughter's wedding day. - The Godfather
People have an annoying habit of remembering things they shouldn't. - Eragon
You think cooking is a cute job, huh? Like mommy in the kitchen? Well mommy never had to face the dinner rush when the orders come flooding in and every dish is different and none are simple and all have different cooking times but must arrive on the customers' table at exactly the same time, hot and perfect. Every second counts - and you cannot be mommy! - Ratatouille
Because some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn. - The Dark Knight
There is an art to flying, or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss. - Life, the Universe and Everything
I took a wrong turn on the way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room I had never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamberpots. When I went back to investigate more closely, I discovered that the room had vanished. But I must keep an eye out for it. Possibly it is only accessible at five thirty in the morning. Or it may only appear at the quarter moon - or when the seeker has an exceptionally full bladder. - Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
The masses never revolt of their own accord, and they never revolt merely because they are oppressed. Indeed, so long as they are not permitted to have standards of comparison, they never even become aware that they are oppressed. - 1984
I have moments like that a lot, when my brain falls asleep or something, and the next thing I know I've missed something, as if a puzzle piece fell out of the universe and left me staring at the blank place behind it. - The Lightning Thief
Patience, he thought. So much of this was patience - waiting, and thinking and doing things right. So much of all this, so much of all living was patience and thinking. - Hatchet
So don't tell me I would be safer with somebody else, because the truth is I would just be more scared. - The Last Of Us
You truly are the lowest scum in history. You can’t pay back what you owe with money. - JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when we are able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must appear inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near. - Sun Tzu, The Art of War
We're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I. A full commitment's what I'm thinking of. You wouldn't get this from any other guy - Never Gonna Give You Up
It didn't stop you from writing it. As if every thought that tumbles through your head was so clever it would be a crime for it not to be shared. The Internet's not written in pencil, Mark, it's written in ink. - The Social Network
I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail nonetheless. It's frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you, to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it's here. Or should I say, I am. - Avengers: Infinity War
The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides. The sea is only the embodiment of a supernatural and wonderful existence. It is nothing but love and emotion; it is the Living Infinite. - 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea
I have spent my whole life scared, frightened of things that could happen, might happen, might not happen. 50 years I spent like that, finding myself awake at three in the morning. But you know what? Ever since my diagnosis, I sleep just fine. What I came to realize is that fear, that's the worst of it. That's the real enemy. So get up, get out in the real world, and you kick that bastard as hard as you can right in the teeth. - Breaking Bad
It can also be argued that DNA is nothing more than a program designed to preserve itself. Life has become more complex in the overwhelming sea of information. And life, when organized into species, relies upon genes to be its memory system. So, man is an individual only because of his intangible memory... and memory cannot be defined, but it defines mankind. The advent of computers, and the subsequent accumulation of incalculable data has given rise to a new system of memory and thought parallel to your own. Humanity has underestimated the consequences of computerization. - Ghost in the Shell (1995)
We are amidst strange beings, in a strange land. The flow of time itself is convoluted, with heroes centuries old phasing in and out. The very fabric wavers and relations shift and obscure. There's no telling how much longer your world and mine will remain in contact. But, use this, to summon one another as spirits, cross the gaps between the worlds, and engage in jolly cooperation! - Dark Souls
If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than who you are now. - Kung Fu Panda
Most test subjects do experience some, uh, cognitive deterioration after a few months in suspension. Now, you've been under for... quite a bit longer, and it's not out of the question that you might have a very minor case of serious brain damage. But don't be alarmed, all right? Although, if you do feel alarmed, try to hold onto that feeling, because that is the proper reaction to being told you have brain damage. - Portal 2 
I'm a great quitter. It's one of the few things I do well. I come from a long line of quitters. My father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter... I was raised to give up. - Seinfeld
In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. I think it's impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves. And then, in that very moment when I love them... I destroy them. - Enders Game
The journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path, one that we all must take. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it. - The Lord of The Rings
Once you free your mind about a concept of harmony and music being correct you can do whatever you want. So, nobody told me what to do, and there was no preconception of what to do. - Giorgio By Moroder
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when my fear is gone I will turn and face fear's path, and only I will remain. - Dune
The human whose name is written in this note shall die. This note will not take effect unless the writer has the person's face in their mind when writing his/her name. Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected. - Death Note
It was the most horrible, the most repellent thing she had ever seen, far more nauseating than anything she had ever imagined with her conscious mind, or that had ever tormented her in her most terrible nightmares. - A Wrinkle in Time
I open up the paper. There's a story of an actor who had died while he was drinking. He was no one I had heard of. And I'm turning to the horoscope and looking for the funnies when I'm feeling someone watching me. - Tom's Diner
The explosion would be just the right size to maximize the amount of paperwork your lab would face. If the explosion were smaller, you could potentially cover it up. If it were larger, there would be no one left in the city to submit paperwork to. - What If?
Oh, I'm sorry. I can't come to the door right now. I'm afraid that in my weakened condition, I could take a nasty spill down the stairs and subject myself to further school absences. You can reach my parents at their places of business. Thank you for stopping by. I appreciate your concern for my well-being. Have a nice day! - Ferris Bueller's Day Off
A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. How about a nice game of chess? - WarGames
For someone who was never meant for this world, I must confess I'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it. - Gattaca
In this world, evil can arise from the best intentions. And there is good which can come from evil intentions. - Code Geass
Ronan hates tcell, no matter what I tell him. He just goes on and on and on about how its a subset of tveiw and how its just better. Well he can go eat a hat. I just hate how all these morons are just Amongus nowadays. Sigh. Back to codeing I guess - Joshua
